if you haven't done sufficient research
and you think you can watch a couple
videos set up a store
run a few ads and start making money
immediately i hate to break it to you
but you're probably gonna feel like most
people that rush shopify drop shipping
model
in this video i'm gonna cover the
mistakes i see a ton of beginner
dropshippers making consistently and how
you can avoid losing a lot of money
going down the road in your ecommerce
journey now don't worry if you made some
of the mistakes that i'm about to go
over because i've pretty much made them
all and ended up having to go the hard
route which resulted in loss of time and
money
yo what's good my people for those
subscribed welcome back and to everyone
new here my name is andy i've built
multiple seven-figure brands and i've
been documenting my e-commerce journey
for the past four years and within these
youtube videos i'm working on an entire
resource guide for you to absorb as much
valuable information as you can so you
don't have to go through that long trial
and error process myself and many people
i know that started earlier had to go
through so i decided for every single
video i post i'm going to be giving away
a free private one-on-one call giveaway
with me where you can ask me anything
e-commerce related we can go over your
store we can go over ads i'm really just
going to be there to try and help you
get as far as you can within your
ecommerce journey there we go shopify
but um you have to be doing these three
steps the first one
is
you gotta like the video two of course
you gotta be subscribed and three
comment below one place you wanna travel
to this year once you get your ecommerce
journey up and go each giveaway winner
will be announced at the end of my
videos all right i don't want to hold
you guys back any longer so let's hop
into this value first thing i want to
cover in this video is product selection
in my opinion one of the most important
aspects of starting up your ecommerce
store i understand you might be
wondering why i think this is so
important well this is what we are
showcasing to our audience and if people
don't have a desire to buy our product
then we're not going to make any sales
and if we don't make any sales that's
just going to result in us making zero
money and you know we need that money
time and time again i get people asking
me yo andy i don't know why i'm not
getting any sales i'm not getting any
sales i'm not making any money so what i
do i go look at their store and sure
enough they're selling a mediocre
product that provides no value and they
think that just because
they personally like the product or they
believe in this product so will other
people now when you sell a product try
and attach your personal interest from
your product research methods for
example i have a personal interest in
surfing and traveling doesn't mean that
i'm going to specifically search for
products in that industry because it's
my passion
now what you're doing here is really
just limiting yourself
from all those potential products that
could be winners and make you a ton of
bread i like to tell people all the time
i don't care if i'm selling push-up bras
makeup nail cutters stuff that i have
zero interest in but if it's making me a
hundred thousand dollars a month i'm a
happy man now keep in mind one product
can literally change your entire life so
what you want to be focusing on putting
your attention towards when choosing
products is how you can differentiate
yourself from everyone else how can you
make someone's life easier how can you
emotionally connect to someone that has
a passion for something showcasing a
product that a potential customer has
never seen these are things that are
going to help you separate yourself from
the average drop shipper and achieve
results like successful people in this
space and you realize soon that being
extremely meticulous what you choose to
sell is actually going to save you from
going through an endless loop of testing
product after product
never finding a winner
and then you're just discouraged and you
think drop shipping doesn't work or you
think it's a scam when in actuality your
practices were just the issue the next
thing i want to talk about is the people
that do end up eventually finding
success in this space but the critical
mistakes that they make that cost them a
massive setback without them even
knowing it at first like i said earlier
don't feel bad if you made these
mistakes because i made them myself a
lot of people i know have made them just
going forward try not to do this the
first being when you find a winning
product it's starting to work super good
yet you're too eager and you start to
force feed to all these platforms you're
pushing it you're scaling your ads
without any logistics or branding set in
place this is a massive issue because as
you know most products are shipped
within 30 days and if you scale it
volume it's eventually going to catch up
to you and all the money required from
sales are going to get charged back not
to mention your user profile can be
totally tarnished so your payment
providers are going to limit your
account pull money in escrow and your
facebook feedback score is going to drop
dramatically feedback score is
essentially a measure of your customers
experience with your band under these
four categories product quality shipping
speed customer service and accuracy if
someone writes a bad review it affects
your score big time if your score is low
enough the cost to advertise will
increase me and cost more to get sale
higher cost per purchase i believe it
goes to a two you can never advertise on
that page again and this has to do with
disabled accounts and business managers
it's so crazy that facebook will
actually blacklist your credit card so
if you use this specific credit card on
a different ad account it will
immediately ban that account now to
prevent something like this from
happening i suggest anyone that has a
product that's starting to gain momentum
to immediately reinvest their funds back
into the business that being a potential
3pl branding aspects custom packaging
product modifications what not getting
your business manager verified with the
newly opened llc or s corp and the
reason why you want an llc or an escort
is for tax purposes and so you can
separate your personal assets from your
business one with all that being said
you're probably like geez drop shipping
sounds like a horrible idea but if
executed properly you have a ton of
potential to build a legitimate business
that strives for longevity and in my
opinion it's an amazing platform to test
products and build a brand from as long
as you are using brand new techniques
and providing value for those customers
the last thing i want to cover in this
video is the actual startup cost of this
model and how to budget money
efficiently tons of people ask me if you
can start this business up with no money
i personally think that it would be very
hard to do so given you have your
product cost your ad costs and your
store setup now realistically we're
talking about comfortably running this
business with no limitations i would
suggest an ideal amount to be fifteen
hundred two thousand dollars but with
that being said there's definitely areas
where you can save money and be a little
bit more cost effective for example you
don't have to pay for ads you can go the
organic route post content onto a bunch
of platforms as many platforms as you
can in hopes that one of these videos
goes viral video goes viral then
retargeting all that traffic at a
cheaper cost you can also take advantage
of free shopify trials and the unique
thing about drop shipping is you don't
even pay for the product up front you
only pay when someone makes a purchase
so when someone makes a purchase on your
website you go to aliexpress or you go
to the supplier you complete the person
to put their information in that gets
shipped to them and by that time their
money is going to go into your account
and a little trick that i was using was
first starting was leveraging my credit
so when i was in university i really
didn't have much money to invest with
but i realized i could sign up for these
credit cards that had no annual fees
spend the minimum amount just to hit the
welcome bonus and then use that money
that they would give me use it's like
250 300 depending on which credit card
and then use that to reinvest into my
drop shipping business for example this
card right here is the amex blue cash
every day actually the same card i
started with and at the time they
offered 250 if i hit 1 000 and spend
within the first three months so on this
card you can put everything you put your
rent you can put your food you can put
your clothes
if i remember i was putting my 900 rent
each month at my university so i hit
that pretty quickly also this card was
no annual fee no apr for an entire year
so essentially a loan for a whole year
so i put all my costs on there my
product cost my ad costs my store costs
my food my rent everything was going on
to that card but you need to be sure
that you aren't abusing this kind of
power
so
pay it off every single month no late
payments and you should be completely
fine and of course eventually when you
get more advanced and you start to
understand this model better you're
going to want to open up one of these
a business credit card with your llc or
s corp
but i could talk for hours and days
about credits and i've been able to use
credit to travel for free free flights
free hotels car rentals everything but
i'll dedicate an entire in-depth video
to that anyway that just about wraps up
this video don't forget to do the three
things if you want to get a chance to
win the free one-on-one giveaway where
you can ask me anything e-commerce
related free one-on-one calls each week
for you guys
but i appreciate all you guys that are
watching don't forget to like comment
and subscribe i'll see you guys in the
next video peace
[Applause]
you